yeah but if solid s introducing the
Compton can see Bobby auntie lavender
nasal mist rating home that song
interprets Ian okay Donatella Kennish
beer okay okay yeah do this the souk
henchman ya vas knocking can I suppose
off which is okay Ken's liked hey Barbie
on it's like I can and then sucks do you
want to go for ride on exactly sure can
when I'd like to jump in on Tim oh right
what am I then um mmm before Zach Zhuk
come on barbie let's go party this is
urban birth well I key things compared
to say my office okay that's not much
fun hi hi Bobby okay yeah we're not
gonna subscribe if you happy I can wanna
go for a ride yeah okay come i'm a
barbie girl in a Barbie world life in
plastic it's fantastic you can brush my
hair undress me everywhere imagination
life is your creation come on barbie
let's go party i'm a barbie girl in a
Barbie world life in plastic stick you
can rush my hair and dress me everywhere
imagination life is your creation i'm a
print copy girl and a fantasy would
dress me up make me to cancer thanks so
much I'm not only chop some key for Zeus
you're my door rotten roll feel like
glamour and pain kiss me here touch me
here hanky panky you can touch you can
play if you say I'm always yours oh I'm
a bunny girl in a Barbie world life in
plastic it's fantastic you can brush my
hair and dress me every education
lamination life is your creation come on
barbie let's go party uh uh yeah come on
barbie let's go party oh oh come on
barbie let's go party uh uh uh yeah come
on barbie let's go party uh oh oh okay
um Alice my massage it's been Eva hush
finished atlas